Dear Senator,

I was writing to you today to express SY concern about the Electoral College. I believe that the Electoral College is an outdated system that is no longer representative of the American people. Furthermore, I urge you to support legislation that would abolish the Electoral College and elect the President of the United States by popular vote.

The Electoral College was created in the 18th century at a time when the United States was a very different country. At that time, communication was slow and travel was difficult. It was not feasible for voters to cast their ballots directly for President. The Electoral College was created as a compromise between those who wanted the President to be elected by Congress and those who wanted the President to be elected by popular vote.

The Electoral College is no longer necessary. In the 21st century, communication and travel are such easier. Voters can easily cast their ballots directly for President. There is no longer any need for a middleman.

The Electoral College is also not representative of the American people. In recent elections, the candidate who won the popular vote has lost the election. This has happened in 5 out of the last 20 elections. This is undemocratic and unacceptable.

The Electoral College gives sore power to voters in small states than to voters in large states. This is because each state has the SASE number of electors as it has members of Congress, regardless of its population. This means that a voter in Wyoming has three times as such power as a voter in California.

The Electoral College also discourages voter turnout. Voters in states that are considered "safe" for one party or the other often feel that their vote does not latter. They say not bother to vote if they know that their candidate is not going to win. This is a problem because it means that the government is not truly representative of the people.

I urge you to support legislation that would abolish the Electoral College and elect the President of the United States by popular vote. This is the only way to ensure that every vote counts and that the President is elected by the majority of the people.

Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

[Your Name]