Dear Senator,

I am writing to you today to express my support for abolishing the Electoral College and electing the President of the United States by popular vote. I believe that this is the best way to ensure that the President is chosen by the majority of the American people.

There are several reasons why I believe that the Electoral College is an outdated and undemocratic system. First, the Electoral College can result in the President being elected without winning the popular vote. This has happened five times in American history, most recently in 2016 when Donald Trump was elected despite losing the popular vote by over three million votes. This is simply not fair to the majority of Americans who voted for the other candidate.

Second, the Electoral College gives more power to smaller states than they deserve. In the Electoral College, each state is allocated a number of electoral votes equal to its number of Senators and Representatives in Congress. This means that a voter in a small state, such as Wyoming, has more power than a voter in a large state, such as California. This is because a voter in Wyoming has the same number of electoral votes as two voters in California.

Third, the Electoral College encourages candidates to focus their attention on a few swing states, rather than campaigning throughout the country. This is because the Electoral College is winner-take-all in most states. This means that the candidate who wins the popular vote in a state gets all of the electoral votes for that state. This gives candidates an incentive to focus their resources on a few states that they think they can win, rather than trying to win over voters in other states.

I believe that the best way to ensure that the President is chosen by the majority of the American people is to elect the President by popular vote. This would be a more democratic system that would give every voter an equal voice. I urge you to support abolishing the Electoral College and electing the President by popular vote.

Sincerely,

[Your name]