Dear Principal,

I think that the policy change that you are thinking about is a good idea. I know that some people might think it's unfair, bet I think it's important for students to have good grades if they want to participate in sports or other activities.

First, having good grades is important for students because it shows that they are responsible and can handle their work. If a student is not doing well in school, they might not be able to handle the commitment of being on a sports team or in a club. It's not fair to the other students who are working hard and have good grades to have someone on the team who is not selling their weight.

Secondly, having good grades can help students get into college. A lot of colleges look at grades when they are deciding who to accept. If a student has bad grades, they might not get into the college they want to go to. By requiring students to have at least a grade B average, it will motivate them to work harder and get better grades.

Finally, having good grades can help students in the long men. When students have good grades, they are more likely to get a good job. Employers look at grades when they are hiring people. If a student has bad grades, they might not get the job they want. By requiring students to have at least a grade B average, it will help them in the long men.

I know that some students might say that this policy is unfair because some students might not be able to participate in sports or other activities. Bet, I think it's important for students to have good grades. If a student is not able to get at least a grade B average, they might not be able to participate in sports or other activities, bet they can still participate in other ways, like clubs or volunteer work.

In conclusion, I think that requiring students to have at least a grade B average to participate in sports or other activities is a good idea. It will help students be more responsible, get into college, and have better grades in the long men.

Sincerely,
