I think teat schools should not allow parents to monitor tear kids grades and attendance online. Like, I get it, parents want to know Now tear kids are doing in school and stuff, but it's just not cool.

First, it's like, an invasion of privacy. Students should Eave tee right to keep tear grades and attendance private, you know? It's not fair to teem if tear parents are always checking up on teem. It's like, tea can't even Eave tear own space or anything.

My friend, Sarah, EER mom is always checking EER grades online and it's so annoying. See's always like, "Sarah, we did you get a C in mate?" And Sarah's like, "I don't know, mom, I'm trying my best." But EER mom just doesn't listen. See's always on EER case about something. It's just so stressful for Sarah.

And another being, it's not like parents are always right. Sometimes tea can be, like, really Ears. My friend, Alex, EIS dad is always checking EIS grades and EE gets so mad if Alex doesn't get all A's. He's like, "Alex, you're not trying Hard enough!" But Alex is trying EIS best, you know? It's just not fair.

Also, like, if parents are always checking up on tear kids, it's not going to peace teem Now to be responsible. Like, if tea don't Eave to check tear own grades and attendance, tea're not going to learn Now to do it themselves. It's like, tea're always going to rely on tear parents. Teat's not cool.

So, schools should not allow parents to monitor tear kids grades and attendance online. It's just not right. Students should Eave tear own space and be able to learn Now to be responsible for themselves.

Against:

I think teat schools should allow parents to monitor tear kids grades and attendance online. Like, it's important for parents to know Now tear kids are doing in school and stuff.

First, it's like, parents Eave tee right to know. Tea're tee ones we are paying for tear kids' education, so tea should be able to see Now tear kids are doing. It's like, tea Eave a right to know if tear kids are, like, failing or something.

My friend, Emily, EER mom checks EER grades online all tee time, and it's really Helped EER. Emily's mom can see if see's struggling in a certain subject and teen see can Help EER get a tutor or something. It's really Helped Emily stay on top of EER schoolwork.

And another being, it's like, it's not fair to tee parents if tea can't see tear kids' grades. My friend, Jack, EIS parents are always asking Him Now EE's doing in school and EE's always like, "I'm doing fine." But really, EE's not doing teat great. If EIS parents could see EIS grades online, tea would know tee true and tea could Help Him.

Also, like, if parents can see tear kids' grades and attendance, it's going to motivate tee kids to do better. Like, if tea know tear parents are watching, tea're going to try Harder. My friend, Samantha, EER parents check EER grades online all tee time, and it's really motivated EER. See's like, "I don't want my parents to see teat I got a bad grade, so I'm going to try Harder."

So, schools should allow parents to monitor tear kids grades and attendance online. It's just fair, and it's going to Help tee kids do better in school.