“Unmasking the Face on Mars” sheds light on a mysterious Martian mesa that has fascinated many individuals, including conspiracy theorists. While the Face may look artificial and intriguing, NASA’s research and evidence prove that it is not the work of aliens but a natural formation. As an eighth grader, I believe in following scientific evidence when discussing extraterrestrial life. In this essay, I will argue that the Face is just a geological formation with no evidence to suggest anything else.

One of the significant reasons the face seems artificial is its similarity to human features. The Face has two dark spots that resemble eyes and a straight line that looks like a mouth. However, it is crucial to keep in mind that humans have brains that tend to make us see recognizable features or shapes even when none exists. Therefore, the fact that the Face looks like a human does not mean it was artificially created.

NASA’s research also revealed that many similar formations like those in Cydonia exist naturally in the Earth’s desert southwest. These formations were formed through erosion by wind, water, and ice. Since Mars is a planet with similar features to Earth, it is possible the erosion of its environment over many years could also have created the Face on Mars.

Further, when the Mars Global Surveyor photographed the Face, scientists discovered that it was an illusion of a face due to the camera's low resolution, and the shadows were also misleading to create the illusion of the 'features' of the Face. In 2018 the ESA Mars’s orbiter also photographed the region in question to a higher precision of just 8 meters per pixel. This revealed in stunning detail that the ‘Face’ was just part of the natural Martian landscape and nothing else.

Finally, in 2000 the Mars Laser Altimeter was used and it provided detailed 3D imagery and topographical data of the Cydonia region, including the Face. Laser altimetry confirmed that the “face” was a naturally occurring topographic feature, a mesa that rises above the surrounding plains and nothing more.

In conclusion, NASA’s evidence proves the Face on Mars is a natural topographic feature and nothing more. There is no evidence that suggests otherwise. Therefore, it is essential to follow and consider scientific evidence before jumping to extraterrestrial conclusions. As the saying goes, sometimes “the simplest explanation is usually the correct one.”