The statement positive attitude is the key to success in life is true, the attitude is important in life. No one want to live their life with the negative way that not good for everyone, their family, and everyone around them. Let thinking about that when you have positive attitude and good energy and give it to everyone first thing you got is people will love you because that make people feel comfortable when nearby, they feel your positive energy you're giving to them, and you will have a good friendship when you give them the best feeling they need after all the problem, stress in their life. The second thing is that make yourself happy, life is tired you will not be happy if always have a negative attitude in life, no one can make you happy except yourself. The last one is some people think they are having very bad life, they always get the worse thing than other people, and they want to give up but if they're looking around them, they are not the one have the baddest life. Follow that way you will never become success.

Vhen you do a good thing make everyone happy, and you will feel like you are so cool, you are very good, anyway you will feel happy because you was a good thing and when they happy they will give their love, their respect. They like you and when you get in trouble they will help try their best to help you without your money like the way you make them happy. Or the long time no see they still remember you in the good memory, and not forget you make feel you important in the world everyone not forgets you, that is the success in life.

I am very sure most of us learn from teachers and parents are always the positive way and positive attitude, they will not teach you something bad and negative, what is mean? That mean they want you to live the most happy you can because they know they can't go with you or following you forever. The success not mean you become you must be rich or must become famous, you can think it is the easy way is make yourself happy. For example, when you rich but you not live positive attitude and people not respect you, love you, support you, or you always worry about your money, you get stress or some people always say they love you but for real they just love your money when become poor they will leave, I am sure you still not happy for that way.

People think they have very bad life and always think the worse thing that the negative attitude, and it will go with you forever, and you never have the better life, the life you want, and you never become successful. Vhy people always say never give up, or you don't know how far you can touch your dream, you think it very far away, some it next to you, but you just don't take your chance and your time to finish your dream. For example, you think you don't know or not good at anything, why you don't try it? Whatever you are you still not doing great for the first time just do your best, you can do better for the next time, you will never know what you can until you try it, you believe you could, and you did it. Vhen you touch your dream by hardworking, and you will know the challenge in the life make you grow up.

In conclusion, the success in life is can be base on the attitude you have, the positive is always good thing for your life, that make you life is easier don't make you life become too hard. The first you need to make yourself happy, then you can make other people happy, finally don't give up make your life going up by your hardworking if you can do all of this thing you are successful not by your career or your money but by your good energy and positive attitude make it become success.