"The Electoral College is a process, not a place. The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens."(1) This process where a selection of electors meet and vote for President and Nice President, and the counting of the electoral votes in Congress is a way of election that has been in the roots of this great and prosperous country since its beginning. Is this way of electing really all that fair? Does it let the entire population get a fair say in whom that want to run the country? While some people may argue that this system allows the people on the commit of electors that actually want to have their fair say in who becomes president, but first you need to think about; they whole American population barely has any say at all in the election, and we change this tradition.

It is time for a change, because when a United States citizen votes, they actually aren't even voting for president at all. They are merely voting for a commit of electors to elect the next president for them. Also, is the commit of electors that actually wins the elections, and not the popular vote. This is why they call this commit of electors the swing vote because you could win the popular vote by 78.9 percent and still lose the election because you lost the commit of electors votes. This generic has happened a few times in our history. For instance in 2000 candidate Al Gore won there popular vote but lost the presidency thanks to the commit of elections from the electoral college. Some people may argue that this is a long tradition in our country and must be kept. Yes this is true, but there are some very crucial factors against this.

I understand that this election process was put forth but our founding father and some people do not want to just throw it away. While I understand this; however, there are flaws in this process that must not be overlooked. It does not include and take into account the whole population, and it can lead some Canadian to lose even when the whole country voted for them. So we need to do something about this process of election. We must find a new way that included and takes into account the population of the United States. Not just a commit of electors.

The Elector College has been is the building blocks of this country since its beginning, but because of some of its flaws it must be changed. This process does not include the entire count of the votes by American citizens. It is like our thoughts and ideas of who should be president do not even matter in the voting process. The Electoral College may be a deep tradition in our country since its beginning, it must be changed if our great nation is going to be able to prosper and grow.  