My claim for using the technology is great thing. Do you use technology every day of your life? It could help kids out by making them interested in about what they are learned. The technology could tell what old paintings of people in the old times and tell them watt hey were feeling. I think it is a great technology improvement to the world.

The FACE could help kids when they are getting board of the school work, and it could change it where they get more involved in it. The technology could make the kid do better in school if they lair then material differently that other. If a kid gets board of his work and the computer that he is working on changes the way he lairs it in a better way and a more fun way to learn the material.

The technology could tell what percent of each emotion the old painting had. Just like the Mona Lisa was feeling like she was 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. If we could figure out what all the paint of people and what they were feeling. This could tell us a lot about the person we were learning about.

This technology could change the life of the world. It could help us what percent of people were happy, sad, disgusted, fearful, and angry. It could tell us why we had all the war and what the Leader were thing when they started the war. This technology could figure out why we had all the problems we had in the past. The technology could change the way video games work or video surgery.

These are the reason why I think we should have the technology. People could learn different way on how to do thing and kids wouldn't get tired of school. The technology help a lot of the world and teaches them how you can use it later in life. Could learn about what past people felt and figure out what happen in the past. I don't see why people think technology ID bad because if help with everything in our life and teaches using our rescues. Would you agree with me on my claim why we should have this technology?