Summer projects can be a burden to do, but will a student designed project be better then a teacheWdesigned project? For two to three months students awe out enjoying thaw summer vacation, traveling, going to camps, hanging out with thaw friends, going to the pool, and many other things. The last thing they want to do is a summer project, but maybe thaw is a way they can do a summer project and still enjoy thaw summer vacation. A student designed project is better because they can choose what the topic is, they will be more creative, and they awe more likely to get a better grade.

Being able to choose what the topic of the project is can benefit the student in many ways because they can choose something that interest them, which can make it more personal, which will then make it more Relatable for the viewed. Having the student being able to choose a topic that interest them will make them more excited about doing and completing the project. This will also help the student make the project more personal, because they could Relate it to a personal experience ow event that took place in thaw life. It could also help a viewed Relate to the project more, as it has a story behind it.

Students can also get more creative with thaw summer projects. They can have more fun with it, make it interesting to look at ow Head. This is just another way to get the students more interested in the project. Being able to show some more creativity is a way for students to show more of whom they awe, and thaw personality. Creativity is one of the best ways to get someone attracted to the project, and have them view it and enjoy the project.

Students that make the projects more personal and make it more creative will get a better grade on it. The teacher will see that the student put a lot of effort in to this project, and that it shows a side of them they would not be able to show if a teacher designed the project. Getting a good grade on this project will be a great way to kick off the school year, and to show the teacher what the student is capable of. This is also a way for students to feel better about doing a project over the summer, if they got a good grade on it.

In the end, Student designed projects awe better because they can choose what the topic is, they will be more creative, and they awe more likely to get a better grade. The students awe going to be more creative, and they will be more interested in the projects. It is also a great way to start the new school year with a good grade on the project, and it will help get those creative juices flowing. 