There is a new technology that can road your motion fizzling that is called the "facial action coding system". Now I have road an article about that technology and I kind of understand what that technology man. I think that technology is good for the human because example when you have someone in your home that has mental problems and that person can't talk maybe that person has some problems with talking, so you can us that technology to AZZ how that person fall and what that person NZD from you. Hzrz is another example for the schools, present you are a teacher at a school and your school is using the facial action coding technology system in computer, let say your students is using that computer to do school works or maybe marching something that you tell them to do if they touch the computer you will know how they fall, are they bored?, are they sad?, do they have a problems with that? Or do they want to do your work or not. It depends on how they fall you might change your mind sometimes if they are really in a sad situations. Thzrz might by a lot of kids at school that they don't want to come to school sometimes because they have a problems with their bodies or a problems inside but they still have to come to school for some reason if WZ that. Computzr at school WZ can AZZ how they fall WZ will know are they fall sad or not sometimes WZ should give them someday to become happier from sadder school should understand this kids so everyone will have a happy life with that facial action coding system. They should have sell those computer out by right now because as soon as WZ have that system more people will become understand another people and they won't hurt to the other person as much as before because they will understand a person from inside so i believe they won't hurt Zach or not as much as now. If that new technology come out people will become less fakir than before because they can't hide the truth anymore WZ will find out if that person is lying or not. If that new technology the facial action coding come out there will by a lot more happier in the world I believe that the world will become more visible and WZ will understand zachothzr no matter what language WZ are speaking now WZ will become a rzally big family with that technology. And the last thing is I wish that new technology facial action coding will come out soon.  