What would make feel much better in class to work alone or in groups? Would it make you feel better and more productive? Some people think that working in groups helps them be more productive and helps them get the job done easier. There could be teachers who wouldnt support the idea of working in groups. If you're trying to convince your teacher you have to have examples to support your position.

Working in a group is more productive and easier it gets the job done quicker then you expect. You can assign each classmate your working with a job duty. One of each classmate can work in drawing, writing, searching up facts about the assignment and not least but last the leader to put everything together and help his classmates when needed. There can be minor things when working in groups. You could expect some who would do there job and just take advantage of time and not be productive. The leader is expected to get there classmates to work and not waste time.

When working alone instead of in groups there can be advantages. Like Having more time in the assignment and not rushing into it. You can have your own ideas without others forcing you to change it up into something they all like. When it comes to mistakes you can point them out yourself and correct them. Instead of stressing about who is not working and who can't get the job done you can work on your own. There could be problems too like not having enough time and can't get your job done as quick as you need it to be. There is other classes to worry about.

Some teachers wouldn't support the idea of working i groups. Instead they would like for you to work alone to get your job done easier. But not every student would support that idea of working alone. Some students could be left back and behind from class so they would need the help from his classmates. There is supporting ideas on why it would be so much better in groups and it would be to get the job done easier and faster. Being alone isn't very helpful when you need the help you do.

Working in groups would not just help students but teachers on grading your work. It can be stressful for them when it comes to working alone and having so much papers to grade. The idea of working with other students would be much more easier and productive. It would feel way better for you and other classmates.          