School is a place where students are learning them self as individuals. It is a place were they can learn different cultures and get an understanding of what they like or dislike. Some students can even feel this is the only place where they get to hang out with friends. For example, school helps teens branch out of their comfort zones to become more confident and intelligent people of society. Although, the thought of staying home and not having to physically go to school sound like heaven. There can be some non-benefical and some beneficial contributes to learning online at home.

There can be many ways of benefiting from distance learning, for instance, time management. For younger students they need to learn how to manage there time wisely. By being responsible for getting work done on time or in a timely manner, so that in the future they won't have problems with work deadlines or set appointments. Also, this can benefit older students, if there is not a certain time that the students have to began their classes. An older student who may have a job that has weird work hours cold have a lesson at anytime of the day. Another thing is if there are family vacations planned or special event that are in correlation with classes they can bring their classes with them. The next benefiting thing from distance learning is having a comfortable setting where the student can do their work. Many students learn in different ways. There are some students that like to learn by themselves and do not work well in a group setting. They may feel stressed or even just distracted by the people around them. Some people usually work alone so that they can stay focused on a task they are tried ing to accomplish.

Along with the benefits, there are things that are not as beneficial from distance learning. Such as the distractions that occur all around like: phones, television, and computers. Technology is one of the biggest distractions in the world. The students would most like have to argue to be on their devices instead of doing their work. These devices well then cause them to push back the time that they will spend on their work. The students may also have household chorus they have to complete that could distract them away from their work as while. Another challenge that could happen with distance learning is there are no hands on learning. The teacher is not there to check on them and to see if they are understanding the material that is given to them. Since the student and teacher are not in the same place there could be internet problems with the connection. Some student may not have internet at all, in which could cause the student to miss important information and could end up facing behind. All of these issues could result in failing their classes.

The idea of distance learning was smart in many ways but could result in problems. If I were to have a choice of choosing online or in school learning I would be chosen in school. This is because I am a person who like to talk to people to get an understanding of what I am learning. If I were to sit at home I know that I would get distracted and lose track of time. Being in an actual school it helps me focus on the tasks I am trying to achieve. The only time I feel that distance learning should be used is if a student is not able to MAK it to classes, just so that ta can stay up to date with what is happening in class.

In conclusion there are many types of students, and I am sure there a many opinions on distance learning. There are also many benefits that can prove that online at home learning is good. People could say that it help student become more independent. While others say that it is not helping them learn at all. Thus being said they are always going to be different view on everything people do. It is up to the student and the teacher of what they feel fits their leading and teaching style.