Should the electoral college process be demolished? Many would say no way PROPER_NAME, but I strongly consider the electoral college process should be demolished. I believe this because I think the citizens of the U.S. should be able to vote for their favored presidential candidate directly. In reality, voters are not really voting for their presidential candidate, they are voting for a slate of voters. Below are my main reasons for why I am in favor of demolishing this electoral college

First off, let's get something straight, citizens who regularly vote in the presidential election are not really voting for their desired presidential candidate. All fifty of the U.S. states are given a certain amount of electoral votes. As the electoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism, it's not fit for the present anymore. According to the third source, the electoral college is a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring that the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winn her.

There are five reasons why the electoral college has not been demolished yet,

Certainty of outcome

Everyone's President

Swing States

Big States

Avoid Run-Off Elections these are the reasons hey the electoral college has not been demolished even though it is highly resented in the U.S.A.

In continuation, people who vote should be able to directly vote for who they are in favor of winning the presidency. That basically means whoever's name was checked off on their voting card should have been their pick to win the election, not for another slate of voters who do the voting for them, that's not having a voice. The electoral college method of selecting the president may turn of potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state. For example, Democrats in Texas, or Republicans in California. Knowing their vote will have no effect.

In closing, I urge that the electoral college process should be out ruled. Because people who don't support their state, their vote won't matter until this electoral college process is out ruled. It is important that all Americans vote count in an election of any kind. They should be able to vote for whomever they want directly, not for electoral, but for the popular vote. Not to vote for a slate of voters who elect the president themselves. Now, again, should the electoral college process really be demolished?