Education meals are important to students' ;having a meal given of our choice will help us improve obstacles that we phase every day. A meal contains:the main course, a side of vegetable or fruit, and a drink of our choice. Given a healthier meal we will be productive in school, and our everyday life. Eating a healthier meal will reduce the chances of being ability. A lac of a bad food would result the chances of not getting enough knowledge, compare to having a healthy meal. The school cafeteria should serve a healthy meal.

Students loos forward eating lunch during school, because lunch refuels the mind, and the body with important victims. Lunch is the second important meal of the day, because students loos toward a short areas during school to refill their body, and mind. Eating a healthy meal in the middle of day will help students pay attention during school. Jun's food is bad to serve during lunch, because it won't allow the students to be more active during the day, and pay attention in class. Overall students need a healthy meal to go on with there life during school, and outside school.

Throughout the years the chances of being obesity has increased. One of the main reasons why is because school lunches has served unhealthy food. Jun's food is unhealthy for the human body, because getting enough food will made you gain weight. Calories are based on what you eat, eating unhealthy will made you gain weight while eating healthy will help you balance out calories. Eating healthy will help reduce the chances of being obesity.

Eating a health meal during school will made the students be productive during school. Biting into an apple is the same thing, as drinking a sip of coffee. If we don't serve healthy food the chances of being active in school will decrease. If we serve our students unhealthy food than they will be lazy throughout the day. Giving the students a healthy meal will made them be more productive.

Therefor serving your students a health meal for lunch will help them accomplish obstacles in school. Serving your students will help them improve of being smart. Knowing that if you serve your students healthy options on what to eat they will not be obese. Productive is based on what we eat. If you serve unhealthy food you the chances of being smart, being fit, and active in school will decrease.