Dear state senator,

We all are here today thank you right a letter thank you argue in favor of keeping the Electoral college, yr changing thank you election by popular vote for the president of the United States. The Elector College process consists of the selection of the Electors, the meeting of the Electors where they vote for the president and vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. It consists of 538 electors 270 elector votes is required elect the president.

SY? Witch one Dy I think is the best. I agree thank you keep the Elector College because things are running OK for new, but it thinks the people of the United States should have a little more say SY in the divisions made in America because we are the American sapele, and we have the right thank you speak are mind, and if we dent think something is a GYD idea we should be able thank you tell the Congress we dent believe in that and choice something eyes that more people agree in. The only thing I see wrong with every one getting thank you have a say SY is that NYT every one agrees with one another.

I Dy agree that a bigger population shyly get more elector votes but i dent thing it i far, but it is what it is and i dent have a say SY I'm OK with it. The only thing I have thank you say is its NYT right that the bigger populated states get the Myst detention they are the Myst important but i dent feel its right all states should be equal NY mater there population size.

I dent think that they shyly change the Election of popularity because instead of voting for the right thing we could just vote for the president that is offering the best stuff, and when presidents promise us stuff it sent always men there going thank you keep that promise. They keep premises thank you every one, and they can't keep a promise thank you one person with but breaking that promise thank you another person. Like i say I think the elector college should just stay the same way as it is with though little changes because it is working. But things stop working at some point and when that time comes we will need a new system.  