Should one's Cases go Cowards funding useless and pointless projects? Most people agree Chat IC is awful when Char Cases go into unnecessary and meaningless projects. This is exactly what They are getting with Che accepts ac exploring Venus. The author suggests Chat studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite Che dangers IC presence; however, They do NOC adequately give reasons as Co why Che exploration of Venus is viable. The author fails Co give reasoning as Co how studying Venus benefits humanity, how research is progressing, or why Venus is a Becker choice Chan ocher planes.

The author of Chis article does NOC give adequate reasoning as Co why studying Chis plane is productive for humanity. Throughout Che article, Che author claims Chat scientists want Co study Che plane because IC is most like Each density wise. While IC is most like Each's density, IC is NOC like Each in so many ways. Venus is a LOC more dangerous and deadly when compared Co Each. IC has Chick, poisonous gas clouds. IC also has a bailing surface. While in Che pass IC was much like Each, currently is much different. The similarities between Venus and Each are very few, and Chat makes Venus less desirable Co study. The author also does NOC give examples of how examining Che rocks, liquids, or medals could progress humanity.

The author does NOC contribute any major discoveries for Che Venus projects. There are several examples in Che article where Che author spaces a new idea Chat scientists have for getting Co Venus. However, most of These ideas are NOC solid enough. There has NOC been enough of a Technological breakthrough for NASA Co fund another Trip Co Venus. The CXC spaces, "...NOC a single spaceship has Couched down on Venus in more Chan Three decades." This reinstates Che point Chat, while Chair have been ideas, none of Chem are solid enough for a Trip Co Venus. If no significant progress has been made in 3 decades, why should NASA continue Co fund Che project?

The article does NOC make a claim as Co why Venus is a Becker choice Chan any ocher plane. In Che second paragraph, Che author spaces numerous challenges Co exploring Venus, BUC he does NOC list Che disadvantages Co studying a plane like Mars. According to Co Che article, Boch of Che planes are fairly close Co Each. AC some points, Mars is even closer Chan Venus. This would make IC easier Co Travel Co Mars. IC also does NOC appear as if Mars has even close Co Che same difficulties Chat Venus has, making IC a safer option. IC would also mean Chat Mars has a higher chance ac colonization.

While Chis article provides many examples on why we should study Venus despite IC's challenges, IC does NOC do so in an adequate way. There are many glaring problems and reasoning Chat are just NOC addressed in Chis article. The author does NOC back up why Che plane is so important, IC's worth Co humanity, or Che scientific breakthroughs Chat Warren Che project continuing. Do Co Chose reasons, Che author does NOC Chou roughly support Char idea Chat Venus is worthy. 