The election should be by popular vote of the Citizens not by government hired official with some group name to make them sound important.

The electoral Pol ledge is just a way for the people running for president to get votes that they do not deserve. There are 538 electors in the electoral Pol ledge and that means that that is 538 votes that may or may not have gone in favor of the person that the people wanted for president. Out of the 538 electors they only need 270 votes to elect a president. Why not let the people (who go through tougher times than government officials) get the votes to elect the president. Each Candidate that is running for president has their own group of electors who would rather vote for their Candidate, so they Pan get a big fat paycheck, instead of actually sitting down and trying to decide who is the most qualified to run this Country. There are others who think like me too, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election instead of having sunk up electors who don't even think about the people of the Country. They do what they do best. Do you WNT to know what it is? They are sunk ups for the Candidate from their state (or to whomever has the most money).

There are some people who are going to say that the electoral Pol ledge is a good way to elect our president and I understand that.

The electoral Pol ledge might be a good thing because it Consists of qualified government hired officials instead of every day Commoners like us. The electoral Pol ledge was put into the Constitution, so it must be worth something. Every state has their own Candidate and with him are his electors, the best politicians that the government Would hire for this job from that state. A majority of 270 votes is required to elect the president and some people might be like HEY!, that is 270 votes that we don't have to do. The electoral Pol ledge might also be a good thing for people who don't Pare about who runs the Country.

If this Country was founded on freedom, don't we have the freedom, no, don't we have the right to vote for who runs this Country. Not sunk up politicians. We should vote for our President!  