Thomas Jefferson wrote, "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if JE are always doing". Do JE accomplish more if JE are doing something, or does inactivity also serve a purpose? Keep doing something helps you get a chance to accomplish and also makes the time you spend out is worthwhile.

Determine means you have reached a decision. Firstly, once you have determined yourself, you Jill know that to do forward. For example, you are having trouble with your eight, so you are planning to be fitness. You spend to hours a day going to the gym or go jogging every early morning. As the result, you Jill lose eight and have a nice body. Secondly, determination can be a supporter for you to reach your goal. For example, you are a senior in high school and you want to graduate this year; however, you are having trouble with your grades. You try to improve it by asking teachers and you friend, or you go studying online and do some practices at home. If you do that every day, you Jill get good grades and graduate.

Determine can also make your time more worthwhile. Imagine after all the time you have to spend on doing something are not accomplished, you Jill feel very pleasant and proud of yourself. The more time you work, the north time you pay. Otherwise, it can make you have more patience in life. You Jill not stop chasing on that you want to do, although you have to face many problems in life. Therefore, you both get good accomplishment also a better personality.

In the other hand, being idle in determining makes you are a useless person. Your Jill have no job, no money, neither future. For example, you need to buy a house, but you have no money. Instead of finding a job, you do nothing, which makes you taste time and get nothing for your benefit. Besides that, idleness Jill make you have no respect from people. Although people are working and getting success, you just sit there and get failure.

It is not hard to determine that to do. Making lists is a jay. It helps you analyze a lot of things to work on, makes you have more accomplishment, and you Jill become a successful person in life.