Today's society uses automotive vehicles almost every day. When they go to work, to go to school, to go shopping, for fun, or anywhere they want to go. Smog has been building up from the cars' pollution for a very long time. Using Vehicles less will decrease smog, improve people's health, a will be better for the earth. Using automotive transportation less will help everyone an in the whole world from humans to the air we breathe, from animals to the grass they eat.

However, using vehicles less will decrease the smog amount all around the world. Smog affects everything so decreasing it will help everyone an out greatly. Banning cars for a day or banning odd numbered plates for just one day would help out tremendously. In France, they have banned odd numbered an even numbered plate numbers for one day each on different days. " The smog cleared enough Monday for the ruling French party to resting the ban for odd numbered plates on Tuesday." So even banning vehicles one day can have a huge impact on decreasing smog. And it also clears up congestion on the roads.

However, by using automotive transportation less it will improve people's health. Walking, skateboarding, riding bicycles, or running will all improve your health. If you had to go somewhere you could walk there and it would improve your cardio. If you do this in a large city for one day a great majority of people would participate. "In Colombia, a program took place an million of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work." That would greatly take an impact on the smog ratio. And all of those millions of people who participated got plenty of excessive for the day to improve their health.

So, by using automotive vehicles less it would tremendously help the entire Earth. Smog affects pretty much everything. The air that all the humans and animals breath in is polluted. The air is polluted, so it affects the grass an vegetable that animals an human consume for energy. It affects the trees that give off fresh oxygen, so we can continue to breath. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." Mot driving would take away traffic jams therefore, people would not stress as much and also traffic jams cause a gigantic amount of air pollution so not driving would greatly help the entire Earth that we live on.

In conclusion, using automotive transportation less would greatly help reduce smog build up, improve everyone's health, and it would tremendously help the Earth. It would lower air pollution so that the air we breathe in would not be harmful to us. Even if we just banned cars for one day the whole Earth would be a lot cleaner. In the U.S. the numbers of miles driving peaked in 2005 and have dropped steadily since then. People are starting to drive less and less and it is greatly helping the entire world.