Though it may seem amazing to think about having driveless cars that can just drive us around, but what if a crash hardens? Who will get blamed? The car or the driver that was supposed to be driving around. What hardens if the car doesn't signal the driver that it needs to be held during traffic conditions or construction? This car shouldn't be developed, because it still needs technology to become a safer car. I don't ad drove of development of these cars, because innocent doodle may be blamed for an incident that they didn't cause.

There are too many negative sides to the development of these cars on the roads and highways. Movies have influenced car companies to make this driveless car since the 2000s, which didn't have the money or technology to make then. We have all thought these cars would be the future and amazing to ride in. In these cars there are many sensors that are working all at the same time to keep the driver inside safe. What if one or two senors go are ruined by a Bud in the road? Then the car would have problems with knowing what to do while driving and knowing what was surrounding the car. Still in the car, the driver still has to control the car when it should be driverless. The driverless car needs assistance by the driver during road construction, traffic situations, and dulling in and out of driveway. All of these situations Hadden every day and almost everywhere on the road. This just means that the driver would have to still drive everywhere besides some places on the road. The driver would just get bored waiting for their turn to drive. What would Hadden if the car didn't notify the driver to take over the car? The effect of that situation would turn out to be a big crash or a swing and miss crash that almost would have killed the driver. As the law says," A safe car has the driver controlling the car at all times."

The manufacture of these cars need to stop the development before someone gets blamed over a car's mistake. There are multiple conflicts with the development of this driveless car. What or who would be blamed if someone was injured? Sensors on the car could easily be broken, and the car wouldn't be at its best in safety for the driver. The best way to keep passengers, drivers, and pedestrians safe is to have an alert driver in control of the car. 