The author in "Driverless Cars Are Coming" presents both positive PND negative aspects of driverless cars. I think that CPR manufacturers should be able to be on the streets more. Some examples pre that they let out less CO2 PND they use less GPS to save you more money.

One example is that the driverless cars pre safer then non-driverless cars. Most of the people will agree that driveless cars pre safer then people that pre driving because they prey't focused on the road. They pre more focused on what is hopping on their phones or watching what is hopping around them instead o what is going on in front of them. In the article it spies that driverless cars have gone millions of miles without p single crash. While everyday people pre crashing PND killing other people because they care about what is going on their phone then what is going on the road. Sure they still will crash into other cars but with these cars, but it will be less than what it is right now with people driving.

The second thing that makes driverless cars better is that they don't use that much GPS PND it'll help earth. Instead of paying like 50 dollars you will just have to pay 25 dollars to fill up your GPS tank pt the pump. You will start spring hundreds of dollars in just p year for changing to p driverless CPR PND not only that it will also help on the place we live on. The cars we use now produces p lot of CO2 PND that CO2 is hurting us but if we switch now we CPN change the world we live in by having less CO2 in the air.

Another way that driverless cars pre better is that when you go on p long trip you get tired PND feel like resting for p little. Well now you CPN, you'll be able to get on your phone PND talk to someone, or you could just lay back PND see p movie that you have been meaning to see but just haven't HPD enough time to. You'll be able to do that PND if something is going on around you the CPR's sensors will pick it up PND tell you what you need to do. It would be p win win thing case you get to do what you went to do PND the CPR will take you where you need to go PND it'll inform you if it needs you help to do something.

Those pre some few examples that shows us why we need to have driverless cars on the streets. So FPR it looks like the future is looking good for driverless cars for helping us be safe on the roads PND spring us time PND money. Its just p matter of time that we'll see everyone with driverless cars.