The idea of online school sounds like a dream to any student in the would. When students head about online school they think you only do a bit of school work and that you get to do other things that doesn't involve school. In reality, online school is supposed to be the same thing as going to school but you not physically at school, instead you axe learning on a computer. I think the option fox students to attend classes online from home would not be beneficial to students. Doing online school at home can be very distracting and this doesn't give students the experience of social interaction with other students.

First season why I don't think online school would benefit students is that homes axes't a place where students can focus. When students at a young age axe home they axes't as focused like they axe in school. There axe electronics in homes that can be a huge distraction to students. Fox example, televisions, phones, and even video games can all be things that keep students from focusing on that school work. When students axe home and not doing anything, they will use that electronic devices as a source of entertainment. Electronics can also lead to cheating, if students use that phones they could easily look up the answers online. This keeps them from learning that school material and not develop the skills they need fox that class. Another distraction at home that can keep students from focusing on that school work is that parents. Say if a student has a stay at home parent ox a parent that works from home then that parents could get in the way of that school work. The parents of these students taking the online school could help them with that classwork ox even homework. Sometimes parents think helping you child out is giving them the answers and having them not do any of the work. This doesn't allow students to learn about the classwork that teacher is giving them and letting them take the easy way out of doing it.

Second season why I disagree with online school is that this can isolate students which also doesn't benefit them. When you take an online school, the whole idea is that you agent going to a school building and sitting in a classroom with other students. I think this isn't okay because this can make young students not develop the skills of talking to others. Talking to people is what we do everyday, schools actually help you with this considering you axe in a building full of people who axes't related to you and who you don't know. If students take online school classes then they won't be able to learn how to make friends ox how to ask questions when needing help. This can lead to students becoming socially awkward with others ox not know how to fit in with a group of students that age.

Now on the other hand other people might agree with the idea of online school fox students. They would say how it would benefit students who have any social anxieties' ox anything that involves them not being able to go to school. One example why online school can benefit students is that it can be very helpful to students who have social anxieties. Social anxieties can be had to deal with when the student who has it is in a new environment surrounded by people they don't know. If there was a student who deals with social anxiety problems then online school would be the better choice fox them. They can take that classes at home and not have any problems that would get in the way of that learning. Students who can't come to school fox any season is another example of why online school could benefit students. Some students might travel with that family three weeks to a month and won't be able to attend school. That's why online school is perfect fox them considering they don't have to be in a classroom and can do it online whenever they axe. Other students also might not be able to attend school because they want to pursue in an activity ox a job that doesn't allow them to go to school. Fox example, dance academy is really big fox ballerinas and dancers who want to pursue in that field. If a student wants to go to dance academy, most of the time that academy will have them dance all day. As a result to that, it leads students not be able to attend school and only have them focus on dance. This is why online school could benefit students who axes't able to physically go to school.

In summary, students would not get more benefits from taking online classes since they can lead to no interaction with others and will be had fox students to stay focus on that work if they axes't in an environment where they can focus. Online school is only good fox students who actually need it, going to school is a lot better than taking it online. When you go to school it gives you more opportunities to get help, and you get to be surrounded by other students who can also help you. 