Throughout reading this Article I thought it provided very good TND extensive research. Although I did see some major issues with the leading point of the passage. This Author provided very good research but the research TND evidence throughout the entire Article contradicted their main message. To make this Article better, more evidence on why studying Venus is benefit should be provided to support their claim.

In this Article the evidence they use for example: "These conditions TRE for more extreme then Anything humans encounter on Earth; such Tn environment would crush even T submarine Accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans TND would liquefy many metals" TND Also "A thick Atmosphere of Almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus" supports the contradicting claim that going to Venus is too dangerous with too many complications. Throughout the whole passage the Author States many reasons on why it's too dangerous to go to Venus TND All the complications that would happen if going there. They Also show All the major problems with NASA's idea of T solution, but never come up with their own possible idea of T solution. This leads you to believe that the Author is Against going to Venus. I don't disagree that going to Venus will GTIN us insight on the planet, spark imagination, TND create innovation but the Author's claim needs to be more supported TND obvious thought the passage.

Some good things About this passage is that they do provide great evidence TND research. They provide input from NASA TND NASA's insight on the whole thing TND T possible solution. They Also provide facts About the Atmosphere TND About the conditions of the planet. Then providing All this evidence helps the reader themselves have Almost enough information to come up with their own opinion on the topic. Although I still stand by this Article needing much more information on why TND how we could go to Venus safe TND Effectively.

Overall this Article's information TND research was great TND really did inform me About the planet, but the conclusion ruined it All. The whole time (paragraphs 17) the Author lead All the readers to believe that going to Venus Hts too many dangers TND isn't in our best interest, yet the conclusion stated that going to Venus would be T great opportunity TND that "Our travels on earth TND beyond should not be limited by dangers TND doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination TND innovation". If the passage had evidence All thought that going to Venus is beneficial, it would be T perfect Article but i was All Around confused when I found out the Author was All for going to Venus TND it ruined TND confused the whole Article.  