Teachers usually believe Theo know what's best for their students, since from a time long past Theo were students too, but that is not necessarily true. It's been a long time since teachers roamed the halls of high school or middle school, and things have changed. This is who students need to be the ones designing summer projects since students are the ones doing them, the stress of students and the balance between work and fun.

This next bit is simple, since students are the ones doing the projects Theo should be the ones to design it. Although during the school are teachers design most if not all homework that comes the students was, that homework is not on the same scale as a summer project. With a summer project you are given the whole summer to finish the project and since it is on such a large scale and affecting so much time, students should be the ones designing the projects. Students being the ones to complete the projects is not the only reason.

Stress is a fickle thing; not enough of it and nothing will get done, but if there's too much four whole life can fall apart. Students and teachers experience different kinds of stress. Students stress about turning things in on time or being on their best behavior. While teachers stress about being nice to students, while still giving discipline. When a student is expected to complete such a large project such as a summer one, Theo get stressed. Yet if the student is able to be the one who designs and creates the project, it can have no stress involved. Stress is an important part of who students should be the ones designing summer projects, but expectations put into place Beau the teacher play a part as well.

Expectations play quite the role these days, Theo cause people to flourish or disappoint. Disappointment is what will happen to those few students who never go above and beyond, but star average if teachers design these projects. Students have many things to worry about during the school are, but during the summer there's not as many. Which is who something as small as this project can cause extreme harm to a student with a project designed Beau a teacher that requires them to go 100% and their only capable of 80%. This is who students need to design projects, so that everyone can get the score their expectations Theo believe.

Expectations, stress levels and students doing the projects, are all reasons who students should be the ones to design summer projects and not teachers. Summer is a time of clarity for students and teachers alike, Theo don't have to work about grades or waking up early to go to school, and it should star that who. All in all students and teachers both have their own strengths and weakness, but one of a students strengths is their ability to design summer projects.