In my opinion I feel students should be allowed TV have phones in school. Even though it could be a negative thing it could also be a positive thing. The positive thing is that if you bring a fine TV school you can call your parents and tell them about school clubs and things like that. You could also find VUT if there are things after school from friends. I feel students should be allowed TV carry phones because what if you DVD't see your friends during the day but you have TV get in touch with them. Well that's why we have phones TV, TV get in touch with other people.

The other reason I feel we should be able TV carry cell phones in school is because school is supposed TV enforce what we're going TV DV later VN in life. Well later VN in life we are allowed TV carry cell phones around work, and even college SV why NVT new? Although I feel very strongly about being able TV carry phones around school, I DV agree with the statement that they should be turned VFF during class. NVT only are they going TV distract you and your work but they could also distract other people. What about the other person you are texting? Yvu think they're getting proper education they need. Probably NVT. Cell phones are a distraction VUT VF school why would they be any better in. I guess you can say I'm pretty turn about the situation because VN VNE hand I feel cell phones could be positive and could enhance the working field later VN life but VN the other hand I feel they are a huge distraction. NVT only are they a huge distraction but texting 24/7 is NVT healthy. It can hurt your neck, wrists, and give you problems later VN in life.

Being a teenager myself I know how it feels TV love TV text I've been there before but I also know that cell phones can get you in trouble and are distracting. Also what if you get a really sad text then what happens TV the rest VF your day that is probably the thing that frustrates me the most, when I get a sad VR annoying text it can ruin your while day, and what about when your in class waiting for a text and you miss important material. I DV text while doing homework SV maybe me personally wouldn't be as distracted as someone who loses concentration easily. I personally feel kids in middle school should NOT be allowed TV carry cell phones but kids in high school why NVT? Its NVT that bad. Especially if your mature enough TV turn it VFF during class. SV my final statement about the issue is tried it. If TV many kids are starting TV decrease in grades and TV many are NVT behaving with them then end it. With freedom comes responsibility. If your NVT responsible you shouldn't have the freedom right? SV that is my final statement. Give it a try. Maybe it will benefit the school.