Generic_Name

Generic_Name

English 8 Honors 03/12/20

Asking For Advise

What is something you are good at? This answer varies for Different people based on a couple of Different things. When asking for advice, we ask more than one person because Different people are good at Different things based on their experiences ANO opinions. When we are uncertain about something an Owe get feedback from other people, we will feel more confident in that Decision.

Everyone has hào an Different life, some are similar, but none are the same. Since everyone has hào an Different life, Different people have Different experiences. For example, someone name Generic_Name might go to a store on Monday, ANO have a terrible experience there because they Oil not have what he was looking for. Someone else name get could go to that same store, on the same Day, ANO have a great experience just because she was looking for something else. She ANO Generic_Name would be looking for Different items based on the Different lives they live. If another person name Generic_Name wanted to know which store to go to, she might ask both Generic_Name ANO Generic_Name. However, since they both hào such Different experiences, Generic_Name might want to know a third person's experience. She might ask another person whether she should go to this store, ANO based on what their experience was, they might tip the scales in one Direction or another. The Differences in our lives are based on the way that we live our lives.

Everyone has an Different opinion. There are opinions about whether someone believes in something, opinions about someone is Going the right thing, opinions about what the right thing is, ANO many, many more. This is why, when people are looking for advise, they go to more than one person. They want to get as much feedback as possible because they think they are giving themselves the best resources to succeed.

Many people lack confidence in their Decisions. However, there is a solution that can help them more every time they OO it. The more people that you have to back up your Decision, the more confident you feel about it. If someone is not feeling confident in their Decision, when another person comes ANO tells them that it is the right Decision, they feel more confident about it. In order to feel confident in their choices, a person needs support.

People want to know how to make the best Decision ANO the way that they OO that is by asking for advice. When someone is unsure about whether their choice is the right one ANO they ask another person, that person is boosting their confidence. The reason that people ask more than one person for advice, is so that they can be confident in their choice, have a variety of opinions, ANO know what other people have experience. 