When you go to vote for the president are you actually voting for the president? With the Electoral Collage system your not real voting for the candidate directly, you're just voting for someone else to vote for you. Is that real how voting should work? What if the candidate with less votes wins and is a terrible president.

Say you vote for an elector, and he loses, then what is the point in your vote. Everyone's vote should count right? But with the electoral college system not everyone's vote counts towards the presidential election. What about those few republican voters in a population that is mostly democratic. That's why the Electoral college system should not be used anymore. In the 2000 election Al Gore actually had more votes than George W Bush, but because of the Electoral college system George W Bush was elected because he had more electoral votes than Gore. The Article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defenses or the system are wrong" by Bradford Plume states "the single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters". What about all those other voters who's electors didn't win, shouldn't they have a say in who our leader should be?

The only person you would trust with everything on the line is yourself right? So why would you want to trust someone who you have never meet with something as important a vote. If you asked 100 people if you could vote for them if they just told you who they wanted to vote for, most likely 99 or all of those people would say no. But they are real just going to vote for someone who will vote for them. The article "In defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" by Richard A. Poster states" it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. Yet that has happened very rarely". Can we real trust "rarely" for when we are deciding on the future of our country! We must be certain that the right person is chosen for the job. It doesn't matter if your female, male, white, black, Hispanic, human, or not human, if you the more popular vote you should be elected.

What if the wrong person gets voted in office. What if the person with the majority of the votes still doesn't get elected to office, and it turns out to be disastrous for our nation. When you're electing the president you're electing the person who is going to lead our nation for four years! The person who gets elected needs to be favored by everyone. Let's say that the electoral college never existed and Al Gore gets elected in 2000, our country could be in a much better state then it is now. We wouldn't be in as much debt, and Malay we wouldn't be fighting a war in Afghanistan, but we would never know because the electoral college voted the less popular candidate in office. The article "What Is the Electoral College" by the Office of the Federal Register states" Most states have a "winnertakeall" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate". But shouldn't the winner take all for the majority votes of the whole country? There is a lot of lost votes because of the electoral college system.

There are endless arguments for both sides. But with a decision as big ass who should be the leader of our country, we can't trust any system that has even the slightest chance of failing. The wrong candidate can get elected at any given election with the electoral college system. That could lead to disaster or even worse.  