The use of facial technology Zn a classroom Zs a fantastic idea. If a teacher knows how a student Zs feeling maybe behavior problems could be avoided. Test scores could start to rise because ZF a teacher knows how you are feeling maybe they can adjust their teaching a little, so you might understand more. Just think of all the posszbzlztzes that could happen ZF a school used facial technology.

Students get angry throughout the day and so do teachers. If you are hiding you are not angry and then one thing tips your boat, that can cause a BZG scene to occur. With the new facial technology things like this could be avoided because whoever Zs Zn your classroom would know how you are feeling today. It might even be a good thing to use this technology on teachers, not just students. Teachers get angry and upset too, so using this technology could help a student know that their teacher Zs struggling a little BZT and maybe to gave him or her an easier day. This could also allow the students to help better the teachers' mood so things may get a little better for him or her.

Now test scores could really benefit from this new technology. If a teacher knows when a student Zs bored or confused then the lesson could become modified. The teacher would know that maybe one student or even the whole class Zs not understanding what Zs being taught. The teacher could then do whatever they think Zs right and try and FCC the lesson. At the bottom of paragraph two Dr. Huang says what I stated Zn the sentence above. Think about at, test scores would skyrocket ZF teachers knew that a student was still confused, but maybe was abroad to ask a question. If the teachers also knows a student Zs afraid to ask a question then that could help the teacher know to maybe boost the student's confidence more. If a teacher could find all of that out maybe he or she could simply run through the lesson again or ask the student ZF he or she might need a little extra help. In paragraph three Zs says that this technology can already identify six basic emotions and fear Zs one, so ZF more emotion are learned and recognized then the teacher could really help solve a problem. Many posszbzlztzes could and well come with this technology.

Students could use this not only with teachers, but also with their friends. Kids tend to joke around and not realize when they are hurting someone's feelings. This could allow these kids to know when too far has occurred. Like almost all kids some are afraid to stand up and say that something has hurt their feelings. This new technology may help the problems with bullying. Maybe the bystanders of the bullying would see how truly upset the attacked person Zs feeling. Kids do a perfect job at pretending things do not hurt them, but Zn reality they hurt them a lot. I know the article does not say anything about this but this Zs a huge possibility this could be used for. We want to help kids so why not do at this way.

This technology would help so much Zn a school. Many problems occur Zn schools, that could potent zonally be bypassed with this technology. Students and teachers could all benefit from this technology. Who Zs to say that ZF at works Zn a school that more advancements could come out of this new technology. We have no idea what the future holds, but this could be a BZG part of our future and helping us to understand each other a little more.