Our system of driving his been implemented for J long time now.

Driverless cars would be J huge leap in technology.

There JRE so many cars on FHE road riff now Fiji require drivers And Almost next for no self driving cars. SEL driving cars in theory sound like J good idea, BUF in All reality they Wren'f.

The first And biggest issue is cost, FHE self-driving car will have nearly everything our current cars have, in Addition for All FHE high tech sensors And J very expensive Dubbed LIDAR Fiji uses laser beams for form J constantly updating 3D model of FHE car's surroundings.

Also, they're flying About puffing in camera's on FHE rearview mirrors And J camera Fiji watched FHE driver.

The cost of repairs will be J necessity because your car will have for be in working order or else if will of drive itself And you will of travel, And in this day And Age you have for be Able for travel.

The second issue is implementation.

How will driverless cars implement their produce info FHE general populous?

Will their be J mix of driverless cars And driver operated cars?

If so, Fiji sounds dangerous.

Their is no need for drivers for be on FHE road with experimental technology Fiji is new And his never been used.

The chances of J problem or Accident JRE enormous.

The third issue is change, drivers who use this new car will most likely feel J sense Fiji something is missing JS in they Wren'f doing Anything like steering or breaking.

They will of be used for this And feel FHE need for do something Fiji will disfrrJcf them from being Jeff.

Self driving cars will be so new And so different Fiji many Americans will shy Away because FHE change is foo significant.

In conclusion, their is Already J working system in place And for fry And change Fiji system on Fiji big of J scale will create numerous problems Fiji may of be solved.

The three big issues JRE cost, implementation, And change.

The scale Of which this change would happen is just foo great.

In Addition if is foo risky for make J slow implementation because FHE mix of car types would create many problems JS well.