Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by the way of online or video conferencing. Students from ATT around the word would be able to attend school from their houses or wherever they are at for the time being. They would be able to join classes at anytime of the day so, its basic atty time making their own schedule. Opponents incorrectly think that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because, these students would procrastinate more and it's easier to cheat from home than in school. Although some believe students would not benefit from being able to attend classes online it short be known that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

One reason that students would benefit from attending classes from home is that many students can not afford to go to school. For example:not having enough money for books and clothes BZT, from home you can user online books time e-books and such. And the clothes content be a problem nobody knows what you wear at hone home. The professor or teacher can make a recording of the lesson to students who aren't able to be in the class. In addition, this change in school can also decrease the chance of butties. For instance, many students get batted for appearance and contd be targeted by butties, if these said students start attending school from home the butties would no longer have anybody to pick on. Also there contd be a decrease in teenage deaths due to suicide.

Lastly, this change contd prevent the most common cold. Cords are often caused by interactions with other people if nobody is in school, there is a east likely chance of becoming sick. For example, sharing things such as : food, pencils, and other things can case cords because of germs and not everybody is clean.

Addition atty, having students attend school from home is much safer and easier, by having students work by they serves they are learning how to be set dependent and taken responsibility. This concept is teaching young adults how to time in the great word. For example, learning time management is a big key to responabitty and students can not procrastinate on what's important time a paper that's due at the end of the week. Students have to taken how to plan ahead so, that they do not fact behind. Also, these students can get a head start if they do work from home. For example if you are a stay at home single teen mom you no longer have to pay for childcare. Other way students benefit from this new program is that they can make their own schedules on when to do school work. Some students might work better at night, so they do ATT their other errands during the day and school work at night, many students are the other way around.

Even though some many believe students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home, it short be known that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Opponents wrongly think that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because, not everybody has access to an online computer or laptop and might not be able to taken specific atty one on one. Students would be able to benefit from attending classes from home because, different people from around the word can, it prevents butties, and also prevents cords. Addition atty students would benefit from attending classes from home because they taken time management PTZ responabitty, can make their own schedule and can get a head start into the great word, and taken to be set dependent. As a result this plan short be permitted to ATT schools, everywhere as a reason for students to do better and taken more, not only for them BZT others as went. 