There are many things that could go wrong with the way we the invited states are voting now which is why we should use election by popular vote. There are many reasons why we should switch to popular vote, but there are three that are most important. The candidate wouldn't have to worry about losing even though he won the popular vote, it would be less likely to get a tie, and the candidate would have to campaign in every state because there wouldn't be a winnertakesall situation.

Most importantly the candidate wouldn't have to worry about losing even though they received the popular vote. The representative electors have the final say in who is elected because they are the ones that put in the votes. An example of this is Al Gore back in 2000. According to some polls Al Gore lost the election thanks to the electoral college because he won the popular vote but still lost the election. Al Gore had received more individual votes than George W. Bush but still lost. George W. Bush had 271 electoral votes to Al Gore's 266. However, this is not the last time this will happen and voters can expect to see it happen again in the future were the popular vote winner loses the presidency.

Not only can they win the popular vote but still lose the presidency, they also risk the event of a tie were the vote would then go to the House of Representatives. In the event of a tie meaning that each candidate got an equal number of votes from the electors the House of Representatives would have the opportunity to vote for the president. This is not a fair system in any way because that would mean the representative for Wyoming who is only representing 500,000 thousand people would have as much say as a representative from California who is there representing 35 million voters! There have been many close incidents of a tie, so it is possible for this to happen. In 1968 a shift of 41,971 votes would have put the election in a tie. In 1976, ID 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 in Hawaii would have voted the other way then the race for presidency would have gone into the hands of the House.

Furthermore, the candidates would have to campaign in every state because there wouldn't be winnertakesall which means the winner of the electoral votes gets all the votes within that state even if some residents did not vote for that party. The candidates would have to campaign in every state rather than just the "swing" states which are people that have not yet decided which way they wanted to vote. The candidates don't campaign in a state if they know that they have no chance of winning the electoral votes in that state. During the 2000 election a remarkable seventeen states did not see the campaign one time nor did the people in the 25 largest media markets see a campaign ad whether it be on t. v., in the newspaper, or over the radio. If the president was elected by popular vote than every state would be considered a swing state.

In conclusion the President of the invited States should be elected by popular vote because a candidate would not have to worry about winning the popular vote but losing the election, the possibility of a tie would decrease, and the candidate would have to campaign in every state. These are just a few of the many reasons that we should switch over to a popular vote system, plus who wouldn't want to have a little more say in who runs our magnificent country.