Dear Mr. Principal today I want to talk about how most employees are looking for a specific characteristic in potential employee even if they don't know the job. I agree with this prompt because a person not always know how to do a job, but they can learn.

Some people when they are new on a job they don't really know what to do, they have to be training for another person that already know the job like a manager, maybe employees are looking for a manager, the person they contract to be the manager maybe her/ him don't have the experience at all, but they can learn over the time they are working. For example when I came to this country I start to work with my stepfather to put roughing, I didn't know how to do the job, bit I learn over the time that I work with him. Last summer I was working on a restaurant like a cashier and I had a problem because I didn't know the differences on the coins because in my country it was really different, but I learn a lot because the manager from the restaurant help me to be successful on the job, and I put a lot of eagerness to learn the job.

A lot of people when they know the job they like to work hard because they want to learn more about it, some people that already know the job they can learn new things about the job from another employee or manager. A lot of people here in United States work hard for the benefits of their family not just for a benefit to be hired, They know that if they work hard their children scan learn about their experience, and they can be a better person, a lot of parents like to be an example for their children's, so the way their children's know that work hard is something that you need to be proud of. Some of them work hard to achieve their goals, or to have a better future.

However, be responsible is another important thing that you need to keep in mind, be responsible can help you to get hired on the job, if you are responsible the main boss are going to see that they need people that are responsible to be more successful. A lot of companies grow up because their employee are responsible, and they complete all the activities their boss ask them to do. Been I was in my country a lot of people tried to put like a store, but it never works because the people they put to work they didn't show up on time, and they weren't response on their activities, and the store had to close because they didn't improve what they want to do. Be responsible is one thing that is going to help you to be successful in life because if you are new to a job, and you show up on time they are going to see that you are really responsible with your activities and that's what most of the jobs are looking for people how are responsible.

Another thing that employers need to know that they have to contract a person that is going to have patient, in every job they have a manager and employers should know if the manager have the patient to be training people that is new on the top. Let's do an example some managers are impatient they don't like to help people that don't know the job because they said that they don't have the time to be training people because they think that the person is never going to learn how to do the job, or they have another important activities to do instead of be training a new person. In a lot of restaurants or stores the managers are always with good altitude, and they like to help people.

In my conclusion I would say that an employee don't have to know how to do a job if they are responsible, and they like the job him/her are going to learn what they need to do to be successful on the job. Another thing is that you don't bear with experiences you need to learn from the challenges life give to you, and you can learn from your mistakes.