Have you ever needed advice well asking for multiple opinions can help? Well getting multiple opinions can narrow your answer down to the one you want to choose. Getting multiple opinions can help when you are feeling sad and can help you to encourage yourself. Getting multiple opinions can help you when choosing something to buy or something to do when you're bored. Getting multiple opinions can help encourage yourself when your sad, it can narrow your answer down when you need help, and it can help you choose what you want to do that day when you have multiple people asking you to hang out with them.

When you feel sad you should ask for peoples opinions cause you never know they could really help you out and encourage you. Getting peoples opinion can same someone's life or make them not do harm to person that made them sad. Getting peoples opinions can help you brighten your day and make you not think about what other people are saying about you. You giving someone opinions or advice can also brighten someone's day. That's why you should give people opinions and let people share there opinions with you.

Getting someone's opinion can help them narrow down answers when they are trying to figure out if something is true or not. Sometimes you will not know the answer to a question, and they will need someone's advice in opinions because they can actually help you. When you need help ask people for advice because it can really help you when narrowing down your answer of what ice cream flavor to choose. When asking for advice you will need there opinions when trying to pick some place to go. So asking for advice when narrowing down answers is Very helpful.

When you can't choose what to buy at the store you should ask for some opinions or advice from your parents or whoever is with you at the time. When you can't make a decision to see who's house you should ask for some advice because it will help you choose what you want to do, and you can make plans for the other thing next week, so it will all work out. When you get home sometimes is it hard to make a decision to go to bed or stay awake so you don't mess up your schedule well you should just ask for advice and tell your family to wake you up in a certain amount of time. When you are alone and don't know what to do just call somebody and ask them for their opinions. That's why you should ask for opinions when you don't know what decision to make

When you make your decision you should give other people advice to encourage them and also just don't be worried when you need advice when making a decision or when you are feeling sad also when you need help finding an answer that's why you should use peoples opinions when you are lost. That's why you should use peoples opinions when you can.  