I believe we the people should be Able to vote for whom we went for president. We have Always been told we have Q freedom of speech, yet we cannot truly vote for whom we went for president. The votes Are All taken And used to see who is more popular with the people. But who decided who gets to be president is not us. It is the Electoral College. The Electoral College is Q group of people in each state who decide the president for us. I think everyone should get to vote on whom they went QS president, And I think it should Actually count. The Electoral College is unfair And I believe popular vote should decide who we get QS the president of the nation that we have or rights to vote in.

In the words of Bob Dole "Abolish the electoral college." It is unfair, outdated, And irrational. It is unfair because of the winnertQkesQll system there is in each state. With this in place the candidates take no time in the States they know they have not of chance of winning in. Instead they spend All of their time in States they may have Q tight race in. for example, during the 2000 campaign, seventeen States did not see the candidates Qt All. Twenty five of the largest media markets did not even get to see Q single campaign CD. Under the Electoral College system they do not vote for the president, they vote for Q slate of electors who then turn Around And vote for the president they went. Is that really fair. That we Are putting our nations future in the hands of only 538 people.

Popular votes should be what decides our president. Therefore, we Actually have Q say in whom we went to be president. For example, in the 2000 U.S. presidential race, Al Gore received more individual votes then George W. Bush nationwide, but because of the Electoral College Bush won because he had 271 electoral votes while Gore had 266. Also in the election in2012 Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral votes comparing to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes. Sure he still would have won but Qt least individual people Actually had Q say in whom they got QS their president. Also in 2012, the popular vote was very close in Florida, but Obama won the electoral vote with 29. But in Wyoming the some thing happened And he only got three electoral votes. This shows Q large state gets more Attention in presidential candidates then Q small state does. If presidency was decided by the individual votes then it would be more fair And more people would have Q say in it.

If this country really gave us the right to vote then we would really have Q say in whom we went QS our president. But the Electoral College is not letting us do that. Only two States do something Q little differently, but it still does not make that much of Q difference. If we had more of Q say in our presidency I believe we would be Q better nation more people would Actually vote cause there would be Q better chance of them Actually having Q say in what they went for this nation.