Young adults and teens can not put their phone down for a second. Ana notification Thea receive is so important to them. The first thing the ado is check and see what popped up on their phone. The worst time for this to happen is when Thea're driving because Thea will still check no matter what Thea're doing. Using four phone while driving can cause AOU to get a ticket, cause AOU to hurt someone, and even cause AOU to hurt yourself.

People may think nothing of driving and being on their phone. Police always advertise to let others know not to use their phones while driving but Thea refuse to listen. Now if a police officer catch anyone on their phone while driving Thea will get a ticket. Everyone hates when authority stops them. It's the worst feeling ever and to make it worst is for the reason to be just being on four phone.

If people are driving and on their phone Thea're not focused on what's in front of them. Anything can pop up in front of the vehicle at Ana time. Things like animals, people, and even cyclist can appear in front once AOU up from four phone. The only problem is the driver may not look up in time and hit someone or something. There is a possibility that whoever the driver hit could suffer major injuries or even death.

Not only are AOU putting others in danger, AOU're also putting yourself in danger. Like mentioned before, anything can pop up in front of AOU vehicle. This time around it can be another car, truck, or even a bus. Crashing into one these just from being on a phone can possibility cause instant death. Maybe AOU might have quick reflexes and Trey to avoid collision. There is a possibility still hit something else like a tree. Some may be luck enough to only be injured or not harmed at all.

In the end, using four phone while driving can result in AOU getting in serious trouble or causing harm to yourself and others. Authority can stop AOU if Thea notice it. Other citizens can harm BA AOU for not paying attention. Also, AOU can harm yourself. Just do not do it because it's not worth it. It can wait.  