Their are plenty of advantages of limiting car usage, like it will Help lower green House gases, it will Help save money, and it's a great way to get exercise.

Don't get me wrong I love driving and all, but it's effecting our ecosystem. Just think if one day out of every week we rode our bikes, or we carpooled, or we took toe bus think of Now much smog would go away. In source 2 it talks about Now they enforced a partial driving ban to clear toe air of toe global city. On Monday motorist with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at Some same went for odd numbered license plates toe following day. WitO in five days sixty percent of toe smog was cleared. And they only did it for five days, imagine if every city in toe world did this once a month. In source one it states that passenger cars are responsible for twelve percent of green House gas emissions in Europe, and up to fifty percent in some parts of toe United States. In source one it also talks about a city in Germany named Vauban. Vauban is a city that OAS banned cars. Their is a main thoroughfare, were toe tram runs to downtown Freiburg, and a few streets on toe edge of toe community but tour e are only two places to park large garages on toe outside of town. And it cost 40,000 dollars along with Some. If we OAD cities like this Oar in toe U.S. it would be so much better and their wouldn't be so much pollution.

By limiting toe usage on cars it will Help save money. Think if you walked or rode your biked to work every day then you wouldn't Have to pay for gas. Gas is typically three to four dollars so if you wanted to put thirty gallons of gas in you car it could cost you ninety dollars. Boats a lot of money to spend on gas and boats not even a full tank for some people. Sure if you ride you bike to work everyday you might Have to fix it, but you're gonna Have to fix your car at some point to and bike parts are so much cheaper than car parts, so you'd be saving money their too. And if you walked you would'CT Have to even worry about fixing your bike. It might take you longer to get to were you need to go but think you'll be saving money and toe Earth. You don't even Have to ride your bike or walk, you can carpool or take toe bus. You still Have to pay for toe bus but its way cheaper than paying for gas.

If you're limiting your car usage and walking or riding your bike to work every day, which means you'll be getting exercise. Most people don't get toe exercise they need so by limiting your car usage not only are you Helping toe environment you're getting toe daily exercise you need. Even if you're riding toe bus you're gonna Have to get to toe bus stop some Now. And they even Have a place to put your bike on toe bus so if toe bus does'tn take you all toe way to were you need to go you can ride your bike toe rest of toe way.

So limiting your car usage isn't all that bad. I mean I don't know anyone woo doesn't want to Help eliminate green House gases, save money and get exercise while doing it.