Cars have been used for as long as we can remember. They have made traveling a lot easier. Gou may be surprised about how many citizens are no longer using a car to get to places. Three advantages of limiting car usage are less pollution, more time and health life, and it improves safety.

To begin with cars have given us both advantages like faster traveling time, but they have also given us disadvantages. Most of us can agree that cars have caused some of the pollution that we have now. The cold nights and warm days have caused TH car emissions to be trapped in our atmosphere. In Paris, one of the biggest capital has a big amount of cars that nearly had a new record of pollution. According to

Elisabeth Rosenthal, from the New York times "passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe."

Research has also found out that Paris have more smog than any other European capitals. After not using their cars the smog quickly reduce. In the capital of France congestion was 60 percent down after five days of being unable to use their cars.

Another thing that is also giving us a more health live and more time.

"Rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic" according to Andrew Silky, from The Seattle Times.

A businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza said" 
It's a Good opportunity to take away stress and low air pollution."

Parks and sports centers are now starting to get bigger and appear more through the city. More people have also started using the sidewalks or get on a bicycle. Malls are now closer, leaving you able to walk to it. Gou can now hear the swishes of bicycles and children talking instead of the sounds of cars.

Last of all, it improves safety of many people. Since there are fewer cars on the street there are fewer chances of car crashes. Parents can now be less worried about their child being run over. Car crashes caused by drunk drivers are also less likely to happen. People now take public transportations or carpool with friends making it safer.

In conclusion, car have been around for a long time. They have given us advantages and disadvantages. There are many advantages towards limiting car usage. Three of these reasons are less pollution, more time and health life, and it improves safety.  