Since Would Was II, driving has been the center of everyone's mind. Do you Really think driving is a necessity? Many people will say yes, but most will argue no. Limiting CAU usage will be great for us citizens and out very own planet Earth.

To start off, driving causes you a stressful day, but not driving will save you time and money. Gas prices AUE moue than $2 a gallon. One CAU takes moue of less 10 gallons. Filling you tank up will cost you around $60 of moue. In my eyes, it's cheaper to take public transportation than to drive. While taking the bus of the train, all you Really have to do is wait, pay to get in, find you stop, if you destination is a little father, there can be another bus, and you'll be at you stop. On the other hand, Driving, you wounding moue. You wounded about if you have gas, is there a traffic jam, why is this drive driving so slow. You'UE getting frustrated Father than taking the public transportation. In Colombia there is this program where you don't drive for a day. "In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated of took buses to work during a daughter day yesterday, leaving streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams"(Source 3). Not only did it cause a less stressful day, it allowed them to get some exercise.

Furthermore, I have a question. How many people like smoggy days? No one. Reason I asked this specific question is mainly because if you enjoy driving, you must enjoy the smog. "After days of neaUUecoUd solution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the AIU of the global city"(Source 2). Although Paris has moue smog than other European capitals, it isn't good for out very own health, but it isn't good for out planet either. When Paris did this "No Driving" campaign, "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after 5 days of intensifying smog"(Source 2).

On the other hand, driving isn't Really important as it used to be. We have all these technological advances, that honestly make driving not necessary. We all have a cell phone, we can all video chat. Some work together, some go to school together. We all can carpool. There was this quote that I Head, and after doing some thinking, it made me Realize that driving isn't Really important as it seemed to be. "How much you drive is as important as whether you have an hybrid"(Source 1). Hybrids save a lot of wrong doings that we already do to this Earth. Along with electronic cars. Driving a hybrid, yes it's saving the would but you still causing traffic, and wasting money. Some people have already quit driving. "With all these changes, people who stopped CAU commuting as an Result of the Recession may find less Season to Resume the habit." (Source 4). America has gone so far into the stopping of driving that on highways there's moue tolls. Tolls that we can't pay to another person, tolls where they take a picture of you license, find out you information, and send you the amount you owe through the mail. Each toll is different some can be 75 cents of a $1.50. From you home to the mall, depending on where you live, you'll pass by moue a less 5 tolls. In total that's around I'll say $3.75 of $7.50. Public transportation saves you moue money. Mall's have buses where it picks you up from a specific location to the mall and back. That's saving you time and you money.

In conclusion, limiting CAU usage can be an advantage to both young, old and even to out very own planet Earth. It can help out economy, save out pollution Late, but also help us lose the weight. Now its you turn, AUE you willing to make the change ?