Individuality

I agree to be independent in a world is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment, because you can feel proud of yourself. Independent means that you have the control of the doing, also signify not looking to others for one's opinions or for guidance in conduct. I think that when you decide make the things for yourself is because you are ready to confront the different situations that the life give you.

The individuality is one that pursues a markedly independent course in thought or action. That means that your actions have influence in you, all that you're doing have a purpose.

For example, when you want something but is spent, you work hard for it, and can get it. This going to make you happy because just you know how you worked for buy it.

Be yourself in the world is not simple, need to have good thoughts, these are the key for the most big accomplishment. For example, when someone tells you do this, you need to think about it, and decide it is good or not, if is something bad that going to affect you. Some people no want you to win or protrude in the life, or not believe that you can do. But you need to have the capacity to show them, that you can and not need help for obtaining it.

Accomplishment is the quality or ability, the result of something. Make big accomplishment for yourself, teach you that you can do all that you want, but only if you believe and have trust in you. Sometimes we don't something that we want for fear, because think that the result not going to be favorable or how you thoughts. For example, sometimes many opportunities came for your life, and you never accept. But when you take the decisions of do, you see that is possible. Yow know that you are able to do anything that you want.

In my conclusion be yourself in the world is good, because your learn about the life, also to do things that you not believe possible. I think that good thoughts can make you successful. Also, I think that do all individuality is not easy, but not impossible. The biggest accomplishment only is caused when you do things for yourself. That is why I think that be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.