Limiting car usage will most definitely lead to an overall better economy due to several reasons. Less car pollution will clean up the air, there wouldn't be much traffic and people will take local buses and taxis so that would reduce emissions. All around the world, different countries are doing things to limit car usages and they definitely work.

In Germany, there Is a community called Vauban where cars are not permitted unless you pay for a $40,000 parking space. this Is helping lower emissions, and they have noticed a différance. Zhere are stores and restaurants that are In walking distance to the people, so they do not need to worry about long distances. When people have necessity right near them, the only thing they would ever have to worry about Is getting to work, but there are taxis and buses that can do that for you, so there Is no need for a car.

Different places around the world are also limiting the uses of cars. In Paris, they enforced a partial driving ban to clear up the smog. What they did was made It so odd and even license plate numbers would switch off each day so that It would cut the number of people driving In half. If you get caught driving with the banned license plate number for that day then you would have to pay a 22 euro fine. traffic went down nearly 60 percent because public transit was free of charge for the days cars were banned. About a week later, the French party decided that the smog had cleared up enough for them to light the ban.

In other countries there are special days In the year when cars are not aloud. In Bogotá, Colombia, there Is a certain day when all cars are banned and only buses and taxis are permitted and violators would face a $25 fine. Many other cities and counties are seeing that these days would help clear pollution and they AR very Intrigued by It and more than 118 miles of bicycle paths have been made since the mid 1990s. Many diffract parks and sports centers have been built across the city and upscale shopping districts and restaurants also bloomed.

Many people are finally realizing one of the biggest pollution emissions and are trying to cut back on the number of cars on the road. Everybody should try carpoolIng or taking public transits and taxis Instead of driving tier own cars. It would drastically reduces smog as proved by many different countries limitations. Even once a year If they had a day when none drove, there would probably be a noticeable différance In the pollution levels but none will know for sure until It happens.