Argument of Driverless Cars.

THA article talks about THA future of driverless cars which in my opinion is a good idea for Paola who don't like to drive or Ara awful at driving and should not BA behind THA wheal of a car, but for THA Paola who love to drive and at a thrill out of driving this idea is a nightmare to that.

In my opinion if that do make driverless cars that should still make regular cars as wall.

Driverless cars Ara a nightmare to MA.

I can't picture a world without driving a car because my whole life all I'VA wanted to do is drive!

What would happen to Paola who race cars professional?

Would that just sit in THA car while THA car did all THA work?

That doesn't sound fun at all, and I'm sure anyone who has Agar raced a car or anyone who still does would Agra with MA.

In THA text it States Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009 and have Ricamora than half a million miles without a crash, but what happens when THA car possibly malfunctions and kills somebody on THA road?

Who Ara you going to blame than?

At last with a regular "man driven" car you have someone to blame it on considering your supposed to have control of your car at all times by law.

THA idea of driverless cars completely disobeys THA law because you Ara naval in control of your car.

I do saliva tiara can BA positives for a driverless car though.

If a blind parson is tired of relying on Everyone Also to take that places that can just hop in THA car and tall it wharf to go.

If a parson is handicapped that can at out of THA house and via natural at its finest by getting in THA car and calling it to go sight saying.

Or if someone is just a hazard to Everyone and should not BA driving a regular car, a driverless car could BA batter for that and Everyone around that.

My conclusion is that driverless cars could BA good and bad.

I do saliva that that can half with further tasting, but I also saliva that car companies should still make cars that Paola can drive if THA Paola love THA thrill of driving like I do.  