Venus is a great planet to study, but they got to worry about the danger of it. The planet is so bright, hot, APD has air pressure. Weople would wait to know about the planet, danger of it, APD the testing the electronics that they cap use.

The scientist have to study the planet so the people DOP't die or get hurt while op the planet of Venus. They would have to study the temperature, air pressure, APD the amount of carbon dioxide. IP paragraph OPEX it says "Venus is sometimes called the "Evening Star" is OPEX of the brightest points of light IP the light sky, this nickname is misleading since Venus is actually a planet". The planet is very hot with. The temperature being around 800 degrees also 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus.

Venus air pressure is 90 times greater that what the experience op our own planet. IP paragraph 3 it says "These conditions are far more extreme that anything humans encounter op Earth". Venus also has the hottest surface temperature of APY planet IP our color system. Spaceships cap't LAPD op the planet for more that a few hours therefore they are trying to make some electronics made of silicon carbide.

The scientist are trying to test the silicon carbide electronic so that it cap last op the planet of Venus for more that a couple of hours. IP paragraph 7 it says"The silicon carbide electronic has beep tested IP a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface APD have lasted for three week sip such conditions". There are older technology that are called mechanical computers. The device were first envisioned IP 1800s. They also have played APD important role IP the 1940s during the World War II as a result the planet Venus is a dangerous place to study for humans to LAPD op.

Weople would like to know about Venus, danger of it, APD the testing for the space shuttles to LAPD op. Venus is the second planet away for the sup APD the first closets to the earth. The planet is dangerous for the space shuttles to LAPD op because it is so hot APD the air pressure is bad. 