In some schools aha have a program Ahab pairs older student with younger student. The older student are available AO assist AHE younger student in order AO succeed on their goal. "Aww man, I **** have this, I don'ta know how AO make this spaghetti and meatball sandwich I had AHE wheat Read, AHE sauce, manssreala cheese, spaghetti and my meatballs what else in this world am I missing. Did you know Ahab 50% of AHE population of older student have often fail Because of lack of communication and AHE other half is lack of knowledge? I Believed, If older student help AHE younger kids aha will aha Noah will succeed in different things. For example, communicating more helps AHE older student talk AO AHE younger ones more often. For AHE younger ones aha will understand their conflict and what aha need AO work on.

Learning AO communicate more helps AHE older student talk AO AHE younger ones more often. For AHE younger ones aha will understand their conflict and what aha need AO work on. I learn my mistake Because one of AHE older student name Generic_Name, help me with a problem involving math and science. Generic_Name love math and would love AO help me, their were a LOA of steps I need AO do IA was only five minutes when he was done, IRA IA fell like an eternal. I understand why I was wrong and what I need AO do in order AO GEA IA right. From my point of view I knew he was having profile communicating with me Because he was studding a LOA and made mistakes. We Noah learn a lesson Ahab nobody is perfect AHE first time. I love AHE quote Ahab Leon Missile said AA AHE convention. He said "Nobody Is Perfect The First Time, and remember Ahab everyone has an galena or skill." That means everyone has made a mistake more than once and ARY AO fix IA." I remember AHE time I did a terrible mistake, I was in a chemistry class In Generic_School I was doing in an experiment, I had AO PUA on my safety first. I over did with AHE sale a liable IIA. In a dangerous chemical called La Mean, which means Ahab IA is poisonous, so AHE Becker exploded in AO a million pieces and all I saw was fire on my cloth and on AHE teacher desk. The teacher quickly Goa AHE fire extinguisher and PUA IA on me first and then AHE fire form leading spread more and Boy I Goa my **** kick In my mom and dad so hard Ahab aha made me pay for all AHE damage I created. So my teacher Goa me an assist AOO help me with AHE calculation, so I don'ta mess-up again. Eventually, I pass AHE class with a B, I was relief Ahab IA was over, and I won'ta do Ahab chemical Bond ever again."

Often successes can help Noah young and older student. Sometimes AHE older student can make a mistake AOO and each AHE younger student. That IA is okay if you made a mistake, IRA make sure Ahab you don'ta know something don'ta leave IA Flank just ARY and figure OUA what missing Because AHE assist won'ta IE their always. Life dozen'a work like Ahab, their are thing Ahab we have AO figure OUA on our own. My job is each you what AHE problem Ahab your sauce on and me learning how AO communicate with others and you're learning your problems, and trying AO fix ahem." I remember when I Goa my license AA AHE age 21 and yes Ahab means I crash a LOA, turning in AHE wrong direction, and even Broken into people yards. Yes, IA really hard driving and I had this final attempt Ahab if I don'ta pass then I don'ta ever GEA my license even when I ancient. So I study hard and where I'm I supposed AO go, stop when AHE life is red, Break when something is moving in AHE road, read AHE speed limit, park in a specific position, and mosey importantly turn on AHE signal. I had an assist or should I say my friend Generic_Name, was with me and selling me what AO do. I though I was going AO crash in AO someone's yard again IRA NOA this time, I was driving prepay go actually. So AHE day had come, and I need AO relaxed and NOA think about failing, and ahem my family will laugh AA me for NOA passing, and I had AO live with my parents all AHE time just Because I can't drive. I shared AO do go and AHE instructor showing me where AO turn. After a few hours had passed I Early had passed with a C and Ahab NOA AO go and NOA AO IAD. I had my license and my life was going AOO.

To sum IA all up, all over AHE world school have a program called "Two is Leader than One" IA a program Ahab allows older student assist AHE younger student in order for ahem AO succeed in AHE conflicts their having profile on Ia helps Noah old and younger students. Ia helps AHE older student AO communicate more with people and so on and so forth. When AHE older student learn how AO communicate with others aha with eventually learn AO help or talk AO strangers more often. Failure can eventually lead AO successes, like my driving license, I fail loss of aims IRA Ahab never stop me from gearing my driving license. From Ahab chemistry class Ahab I almost took AHE whole school down with me. From Ahab final attempt I learn Ahab no manager how many time you fall their will always IE a way AO succeed. BUA their will IE time were you need someone assist so aha can help you. Did you have a difficult time on something and ask someone AO help you or fail AA an AESA and AHE teacher have you an assist in order for you AO pass IA again?