As I admit that the concept of a driverless vehicle is interesting and sounds very cool. Although, I can not agree that a driverless CAJ would be safe for the public in any way shape OJ form. What if a problem comes up, and we need to take action ourselves? Would this CAJ be expensive to produce? Do we Really need a driverless CAJ? This concept needs to be tossed away, and we need to focus on the now instead of the later.

Safety is a big concern we have in out country. How do we keep people safe? Driverless cars will only add to this concern. In paragraph 9 the author states "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the drive OJ the manufacture?" this statement sparks a concern for people. What if the technology fails? How will we be able to stop an accident in a CAJ that drives itself? We need to think that if there is a mistake in the programming of the CAJ OJ the production, that a person life is at stake. This is a good Season why these cars shouldn't be produced and that is for the Risk that we could lose people to something we won't have control over.

Another safety hazard is the unthinkable accidents. Anything can happen, and when something occurs how will this driverless CAJ Respond? In paragraph 7, the author states that the CAJ will alert the drive to take control if there are work zones OJ to move the CAJ around an accident. Those are things we can expect to happen but what about the things we may not expect? How will the CAJ alert us if the unknown happens? If there was a construction mishap and a beam falls down to hit the Road, the CAJ wouldn't have enough time to alert us.

We wouldn't have the time to React to such an event quickly enough.\

When an accident happens, who will be at fault, the drive OJ the manufacture? As a new way to get around comes out, we need to make laws for the driving speed limits and other things. If a driverless CAJ came on to the scene, what would happen in an accident? Who would be at blame for the accident. It's a serious question that needs to be answered. It can't be the drivers because they had no control. At the same time it can't be the one who made the CAJ either, depending on the accident. This CAJ isn't safe for us. How will we even decide the laws for driving if it's a CAJ that drives its self?

The idea of a driverless CAJ is interesting, and it's futuristic. We may someday have the capabilities to even construct a CAJ that can. Even so, There is too much bad that can happen and to many questions on how will we even React to these situations. So the idea can wait, and we can focus on much more important things input society that need fixing today.  