Dear state senator, I believe that we should abolish the electoral college and just leave up to popular vote. The electoral college should be abolished because it is unfair, and it poses a threat to the U.S. constitution.

The electoral college is unfair because it takes away the democratic way of society that our founding fathers set up. In the United States of America we leave it up to the people to vote but if the people of the United States vote someone in an doesn't get to run the country because the electoral college decided differently then we should not be called a democracy. For example in the 2000 election with Al Gore and Gorge W. Bush, the people of the United States voted for Al Gore, but due to the electoral college Bush won the election. In the passage The Indefensible Electoral College it says "Over 60% of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." what does that tell you? More than half of the USA would prefer a people vote instead of both!

Furthermore, I believe we should cue away with the electoral college because it poses a threat to the U.S. constitution. When I say this I mean it is a threat to the citizens of the USA. The people of the United States were thought to vote our president in? But if the majority of voters vote for someone and the other opponent wins then where is the democracy in that? Also in the article The Indefensible Electoral College says "oh what if a state sends two slates of electors to congress? It happened in Hawaii in 1960. Luckily, vice president Richard Nixon, who was presiding over the senate, validated only his opponent's electors." imaging if that happens again an doesn't notice that? Then there will be double skaters and there bound to vote for the same candidate so that will be an easy state to win for that candidate. The electoral college is nothing but problems.

In conclusion, The electoral college should be abolished because it is unfair, and it poses a threat to the U.S. constitution. You make your conclusion based on this Mr.