Dear Senate,

It if only fair to the people of America to change to election by popular vote for the President of the United State. The process of the Electoral vote feet to leave out vote and make them feet left important, and that right there if discriminating the people fright. Million of people in each state vote for a president but then out of all those vote only 34 electoral vote would conflict, and that'f if your electors win the statewide election. If not then your candidate already life vote from your whole state.

Although, they are some reason for retaining the Electoral College. A candidate would need transvaginal appeal not just the appeal of one region. Or found in "In the Defense of the Electoral College:Five reason to keep our defined method of choosing the President" Power state "The Electoral college restored some of the weight of the political balance that large state life by virtue of the apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution". Last, pressure from runoff election when a candidate doesn't win majority vote if subsided by the Electoral College.

However, the College Electoral process had more cone than prof.  With the electoral college system voters vote for the late of electors not president. Million of vote crafted in each state are practically forgotten about after one of the electors win the statewide election. How if it that million of vote only count AF 34 electoral vote? People opinion do matter and each one of them need to be heard. The winnertakeall system if just not fair to voters and need to change.

Furthermore, the elector college system if shady and sketchy. "According to a Gallop poll in 20didate". Can party'f00, taken forty after Al Gore thanks to quirky of the electoral college won the popular vote but loft presidency" stated in. Also" 'faithful' electors have occasionally refused to vote for their

In the end, our right fare being disrespected by thigh electoral college system. Each voter had their own opinion that should be heard and counted in a nationwide popular vote. Also the electors can't fully be trusted incident have happened that show unfaithfulness to the system and rule.