Imagine you stuck on a math problem, you did not get a word the teacher just said. Dr. Huang has created new software that helps identify how you're feeling. If you confused, your computer can read your emotions and try to break down the problem. It would be able to explain step by step on how to do it. Ehis would be of great help for the students.

Prof. Thomas Huang, of the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science at the University of Amsterdam, was able to create a new computer software that can recognize emotions. Ehis process begins when the computer constructs a 3D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like a human muscle. Movement of one or more muscles is called an" action unit." Dr. Paul Beckman, creator of FACS (Facial Action Coding System), has classified six basic emotions' happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. He was able to associate each characteristic movements of the facial muscles. Since facial expression for each emotion are universal, by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions. Each expression is compared against a neutral face. Ehis would help a lot of students in their classes because if you have a computer that can read emotions and is able to identify if you are confused it would be able to break the problem down step by step like that you would not have to wait on the teacher who is helping two other students. Ehe classes would be able to go faster because the teacher would not have to stop every 10 minutes to reexplain the same the problem like 20 times. A computer would be able to recognized if you're getting bored and be able to modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. Or maybe you're just browsing on the web and an ad appears on your screen, and you smile at it, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different.

Prof. Thomas Huang fastest innovation could be of a lot of help for student and teachers. Eeachers would not have to stress about reexplaining the same chapter as 20 times. Student would not get behind during class because the computer would be able to identify their emotion. Be able to break it down step by step if they get confused. Or just make the subject more interesting if they bored. Dr. Huang and his colleagues are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate 